I'd like to like Victorian what a pleasure to see you on the stage of the great gala
Hi everyone
I remember the first time I saw you on the stage of the gala because
he was part of the right jury
federation grew up and we grew up with a tie business on TV
that we know to complete
a tuttomercatoweb speaks fear coco just six part of the ducats are
you have become serious negotiation
optical me then the pleasure of meeting you outside
very difficult suppressor that you managed to get your head right but
low price
I ignore it
victory% talks about finding it to whom to dedicate this prize
but surely to all the guys who worked like this year we helped
very much I was in my first year I found myself
call a very difficult task
it was immediately known that our pilot would go somewhere else, I asked
who passed on the air shortly after learning that valentino knew from us
and I have to thank them if they kept the whole group together and we arrived
at the end of the season, however, we won in crescendo
used stronger in the final of the season
and the 35 people who worked with me helped me
get this recognition 5 hello thanks to them
hello rest also the question is the third era for exact time is how it was live
aosta tel.
belvedere there's a party rome for luck since sn sometimes 1 pleasure
we know that some information from Valentino as you know has been operated
or have seen good as an injury to the much more serious than
how much was thought. is
it was the most difficult intervention
times will lengthen but still it is proceeding very well as alpitour says
best friend is a likeable like his father therefore stationing everything and
all recovery times
and he started doing replication this week at the pool he did one
week and passive rehabilitation
last week
but we still have a month and a half ahead of the witness
sepang
he will arrive he does not even inform me because he will be there
I have very hot 750
we hope to be able to do
something we know will be a test and dupree dupree
it will not be 100% however we know
with whom we are dealing
with everything that a guarantee has won us
of motorbikes we know how to make faces on Italian
we do well
vmd ferrari ff price skin we do
what's the weather like?
and nothing
we hope we hope the challenge is
exaggerated - we are building
brick on brick a
the beautiful team is a very good bike as I know it is for the pd
previous dv run away even you priests
I would leave almost immediately photo I will take the usual photo if you can
go there - front smile that they occupy so much that there was no missing
smile
an applause at the time
web graphics
Edward Lavorgna